docs(changelog): classify v0.43.3 serializability check as breaking (#1277)
boardgameio/boardgame.io: docs/documentation/CHANGELOG.md

> ### v0.43.3
> 
> #### Breaking Changes
> 
> * [[01c522c](https://github.com/boardgameio/boardgame.io/commit/01c522c)] Throw error in development if non-serializable state is used in a move ([#896](https://github.com/boardgameio/boardgame.io/pull/896))

Reviewer: All 13 other `Breaking Changes` sections in this changelog open with a sentence describing the break before the commit list (v0.45.0, v0.40.0 and v0.38.0 are good examples). Without it, a reader hitting this section mid-upgrade has to open PR #896 to find out whether it affects them.

```suggestion
#### Breaking Changes

Moves that return non-serializable state — class instances, `Map`/`Set`, functions, `Date` — now throw in development. Convert such values to plain objects or arrays before storing them in `G`.

* [[01c522c](https://github.com/boardgameio/boardgame.io/commit/01c522c)] Throw error in development if non-serializable state is used in a move ([#896](https://github.com/boardgameio/boardgame.io/pull/896))
```

(Wording taken from `src/plugins/plugin-serializable.ts` — `isSerializable` accepts only primitives, plain objects and arrays, and the throw is gated on `NODE_ENV !== 'production'`.)

Author: Applied in 92280e2 — your structure and value list, with the scope widened after checking the plugin.

Two things the "moves that return" phrasing misses:

- `FnWrap` composes serializable *outside* immer (`CORE_PLUGINS = [Immer, Random, Log, Serializable]`, reduced in order), so it sees the produced `G`. A move that only mutates — `G.m = new Map()`, no return — throws as well.
- `FnWrap` is applied to hooks (`flow.ts:87`) as well as moves (`game.ts:93`), so state from `setup` and turn/phase hooks is checked too, at client creation.

Confirmed each case throws `Move state is not JSON-serialiazable.`: mutated `Map`, `Date`, class instance, a `turn.onBegin` returning a `Set`, and a `setup` returning a `Set`.

Final text:

> Putting non-serializable values in `G` — class instances, `Map`/`Set`, `Date`, functions — now throws in development. The check runs on the state a move returns or mutates, and also on state produced by `setup` and by turn/phase hooks. Convert such values to plain objects or arrays before storing them in `G`. Production builds are unaffected.

Prettier clean, branch updated to main.
